what's up guys Lee's here again with
another video going over five of my
favorite winter hoard themes for the
month of May both of these do correspond
with an HD device but I believe some do
have an SD version available for devices
like the 3GS the 3g ipod touch third gen
and below but you guys will have to look
into that I hope you guys enjoy the
video and let's go ahead and get started
coming in at number five is a themed sim
pro you can tell right away that there
was a lot of work put into it and it
really does show off essentially most of
these stock items will be customized
with this blue and black pattern which
does look very unique and some of the
things will be customized as well such
as the phone app taking a closer look
these status bar has also been modified
with the same pattern and just overall I
really enjoyed the design of this theme
and it gets the number five spot on my
list moving on to number four is a theme
flat for iOS so most of you guys know
that iOS 7 is coming out pretty soon and
some of the rumors say that iowa's will
have a flat interface this theme could
be a very close match to something that
we could see for the software and it
definitely has a very clean look and
some of the details put on each icon
really amazed me of course some icons
like CD or YouTube might look a little
bit stretched out but it still looks
very good number three on my list is
motive main theme and it is definitely
visually attractive and very well
crafted along with the UI I do really
like the fact that aside from the stock
icons a ton of icons such as calendar
weather phone voice memos and more are
also customized it may not be the most
clean looking theme but it arguably
looks very cool coming in second place
is a theme called Appel theme if you
guys have been longtime viewers you may
have heard me talk about it in a
previous video but this theme is
fantastic all these stock icons have a
super clean almost transparent look and
of course you have to love that
wallpaper it just makes great contrast
with the icons again you can see the
great job the developer did on this
theme and I definitely recommend you to
check it out and finally my favorite
theme this month earning the number one
spot on my list is called essence I
cannot stress enough how much I love
this theme it may not appear to be the
most colorful or
dito theme and again that just goes with
your taste but for me it works great
it's arguably one of the best themes I
have seen by far in my youtube career
and the best part is it's completely
free so you can get it right now from
the amount my repo props to the maker of
this theme
well guys those were some of my favorite
themes don't forget to follow me on
Twitter for more updates on cool
jailbreak and tech stuff that would be
awesome the link will be on the video
and in the description I hope you
enjoyed this video and if you did don't
forget to subscribe for more future
videos like this one either way as
always I will see you guys next time